[tense music playing]
Alice!
- [gun firing]
- [Alice grunting]
Is this what Night Action does?
Threaten civilians?
We stop assholes like you.
You just confirmed
Night Action's existence to him.
[in Farsi] What are you doing
with the Americans?
[in Farsi] I offered to give them
Iranian intelligence.
Once I inform Abbas,
you will be on the first flight home.
[Noor] What if I could bring him to you?
Peter. The American.
Someone is trying to synthesize one of
the Foxglove weapons listed in that file.
We need your help to determine which one.
[indistinct chatter]
[guard grunting]
[Catherine] They got
another chemical compound.
They have everything they need?
[Solomon] Do you think these people
can build a chemical weapon on their own?
They're gonna need someone
to build it for them.
- No! Mom!
- [Gloria] Let her go!
Dad!
[Wilfred grunting]
- Who the hell are you?
- I'm Dr. Cole's postdoc fellow.
[Solomon] You can stop all of this.
Just speak to my boss one-on-one.
Catherine? Noor hasn't shown up yet.
We have a bigger problem.
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
[crowd applauding]
[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[music fades]
Are they not feeding you enough
in that boarding school, Tomás?
- Yeah, but the food's terrible.
- The boy misses the taste of home.
The English can't cook.
You should send one of your chefs.
Maybe they would feed him better
if they knew who his father was.
What are you talking about?
The money that pays for your fancy school
exists because of the Bala name.
The meat on your fork, that you suck down
without a care in the world,
exists because of the Bala name.
And you are so ashamed of it
you cannot even speak it?
After everything I sacrificed for you,
you thank me by introducing yourself
as Tomás Dargin in school?
Taking your mother's name?
I thought it would be easier.
The Bala name is your birthright.
What I fought for,
what our countrymen died for,
what every person at this table
has dedicated their lives to.
Have you forgotten your family history
at that school?
My name is not good enough for you,
then my dinner should not be either.
[dramatic music playing]
I've heard your speeches, Father.
You sent me to England 'cause you wanted
me to make something of myself.
To prove that we could be smarter,
not just stronger.
It won't help me to get into university
to be from a family of warmongers.
[Tomás grunting]
[scattered murmuring]
[Viktor exhaling]
Hey! Hey, Tomás.
[Tomás] Not now, Markus.
- [Markus] Hey.
- I said not now.
Come back to the table. Apologize.
I don't wanna see that bastard.
You should've seen him today
when we were out on the hunt,
how disappointed he was
that you weren't there.
It's all he could talk about all week,
taking his son hunting again
like he did when we were kids.
But you couldn't bother to show up.
[scoffing] He told you this?
I have been on every hunt
since you were eight.
I could see it on his face.
[scoffing] Well,
you always wanted to be there.
He never gave me the choice.
He gave you a lot more than that.
When my father died fighting for him,
he took me in and treated me
like one of his own,
but that does not stop
the rest of them in there
from reminding me
that I am not really one of you.
You... you cannot see how lucky you are?
I would give anything to be named Bala,
and you just throw it away.
When Uncle Viktor heard that you were
going by Tomás Dargin in school,
he was devastated.
It was you.
You told him.
Somebody needed to remind you
of your place.
[Markus grunting]
Don't forget your place either.
Bala isn't your name.
It never will be.
I'm better than this family.
My father hates me for it. You both do.
Go, be his lapdog.
Lick up his leftovers.
It's not that slap that stops
the other kids from bullying you.
No.
It's your name.
[tense music playing]
[opening theme music playing]
[door opening]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Tomás] Bring them in.
Line them up.
Lock the family
in one of the fridge units.
Prepare the chemist
and his assistant for the lab.
- [Jesse] Dad?
- [Wilfred] It's going to be okay.
- Just do what they say.
- Dad?
Do what they say. You'll be fine.
- Don't do it!
- [Gloria] I got her, Wil. I've got her.
[Gloria and Jesse grunting]
[tense music playing]
[gears shifting]
[keys jangling]
Okay. We're out of the city.
Where are we going?
[Solomon laughing]
[Solomon grunting, exhaling]
[Peter] Where are we going?
Physical violence is not an effective
interrogation technique.
I know, but it felt good,
and you're pissing me off.
You still don't know
how this works, do you?
- What do you want?
- Put a phone in my hands.
I'll call it in, I'll set up the meeting,
and I'll take you to him.
It's that simple.
[crickets chirping]
You make one move, one move, that
I don't like and we're back to square one.
Do you understand me?
The clock is ticking.
[handcuffs clanking]
Alice Leeds.
That was her name, right?
Your dead partner?
Do you even know the name of the man
whose life you took in Thailand?
Yeah, I didn't think so.
Call your boss.
Yeah, I got Sutherland with me.
I'm bringing him in.
[indistinct chatter on police radio]
[car door opening]
- What's the update?
- [Catherine] His phone is still off.
He ditched the Tahoe next to a warehouse
on the outskirts of the city,
and a different set of vehicle tracks
left in the opposite direction.
We picked up a gray van
on a nearby traffic cam
that could match the time and direction,
but it was the wrong angle
to catch a plate.
Christ.
We've got a chemical weapon
in the hands of unknown assailants,
a dead French intelligence officer,
agents chasing ghosts
around every corner of the city,
multiple civilians abducted.
Now you're telling me
your only solid lead for any of it
managed to disappear with your agent?
Let me ask a different way.
Is Sutherland a suspect now?
- Not until I know more.
- Then get out there and find him.
Foxglove is no longer
Night Action's responsibility,
Sutherland is.
Understood.
[music fades]
Shouldn't we be in hazmat suits
or something for this?
This whole lab is a hazmat suit.
Designed to provide
its own source of clean air
and keep every chemical component
in glass-lined, inert, sealed vessels,
all encased behind a thick layer
of corrosion-resistant nickel alloy.
Given the nature of what the CIA
was using this lab to research,
they wanted to make sure
nothing inside could ever get out.
[knocking on glass]
What about when we're inside?
Don't touch anything unless I tell you to,
otherwise a hazmat suit
will be the least of your worries.
[suspenseful music playing]
- [air hissing]
- [door opening]
Take a moment, survey the lab,
make sure you have everything you need.
You really are trying to make K.X.
This is never gonna work.
Not according to your research.
[papers clattering]
That? That was all theory.
Nothing of this magnitude
was ever produced during the study.
What you're asking is--
To save your family's lives.
If you do not do as you're told,
I will drag them in front of you
and put bullets through their eyes.
Tick, tick, tick.
But it takes... it takes more than just me.
I need... I need time,
I need, uh, research staff. I--
So this one is useless?
- Wait!
- [Wilfred] Wait! No!
You don't understand.
If any part of this process goes wrong,
if... if I make a mistake, it could mean--
Then don't fuck it up.
Get to work.
- [air hissing]
- [door opening]
[softly] What do we do?
These materials in these quantities...
What they're asking
might not even be possible.
Well, they're gonna know
if we're doing nothing.
We have to look like we're working.
If I get this even slightly wrong--
What do you need to do to make it safe?
To make sure you're doing it right?
- Maybe a pilot batch.
- A what?
A small test
to work out process parameters
to replicate on a larger scale.
All right, then.
As slowly as we possibly can,
let's get to work.
- And then what?
- Then we find a way out of here.
[music fades]
[gears shifting]
[car horn honking in distance]
[Peter] Come on.
[blade clicking]
[cuffs snapping]
You're not getting near him armed.
You're the one in a hurry.
All right, let's go.
It was Caleb,
the man you killed in Bangkok.
His two older brothers, both parents,
a grandmother,
uncles, cousins, their families,
nieces, nephews, friends, myself included...
we were all at his funeral.
Forty-two people who loved him.
But we'll never get to see him again
because you were doing your job.
I guess that's the life, right, Peter?
Have a good talk.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Peter] I'm here. What do you want?
Nothing.
You're the one seeking something, right?
Let's take a walk.
If there's one thing that I've learned
in this line of work,
it is that everyone
and everything has a price.
So, whatever it is you want from me,
you'll need to determine
how much you're willing to pay.
[Peter scoffing]
So after all this, that's all you are,
is a glorified middleman?
Buying and selling intel
for, what, a percentage?
You sold a fucking chemical weapon
to the highest bidder.
Perceptive, but incorrect.
I sold it to the bidder
with the most conviction,
most likely to succeed.
Succeed at what?
Well, you'll have to ask them,
assuming you find it in time.
So you gonna tell me where they are?
I suppose that depends
on how much it's worth to you.
Catching on yet?
All those lives that are gonna be lost
when they use Foxglove,
they're just meaningless to you?
If I had to put a value on them,
I'd say less to me than what
Rose Larkin's life means to you.
Now, here we are. You see?
What do you want?
The secretary general
of the United Nations
has something that I seek.
A case file.
IUN0134...
...dash 20180713.
The numbers after the dash
represents a date
that might help you find it.
I'm gonna say the file number
one more time.
Listen carefully
and memorize it for Rose, okay?
IUN0134...
...dash 20180713.
- Got it?
- Yeah.
His computer is one of the few
that would have access to it,
if not the only one.
You bring me that file,
and I'll give you the location of where
the Foxglove weapon is being assembled,
and where Ms. Larkin
is currently being held captive.
So that's it? A file?
Well, you said it yourself.
I'm in the business of buying
and selling intelligence, am I not?
You'd sell out a client for this?
I mean, how is this file
more valuable than Foxglove?
[man] Let me tell you something
about value.
I didn't know my grandfather very well.
He died when I was a kid.
I could see how much my mother loved him,
the impact he had on my mother's life.
When he passed, I came into possession
of one of his old bottles of aftershave.
No monetary value,
but to me, it was priceless.
It's hard to explain, really,
but he had touched it.
It was him.
Or rather, what he represented,
my mother's happiness.
That's how value works.
What's valuable to me
is not up to you to decide.
Similarly, one woman's life
that means the world to you
means absolutely nothing to me.
Now, here you stand,
ready to throw
your entire life away for hers.
I understand that too, Peter,
so I'm telling you,
I'll take it.
This isn't about some file.
If I do this for you--
I'll own you.
And that, my new friend, is the price.
Your life for hers.
[Peter] How would I even get in there?
Conviction.
Repeat the file number back to me.
IUN0134 dash...
...uh, 2018...
...0713.
You see? Most likely to succeed.
I know what you're thinking.
The elephant in the room.
But I assure you, the past decisions
of Peter Sutherland, Sr.
do not determine
what is important to you in this moment.
What's valuable in this moment.
The decision is yours.
The repercussions are yours to bear.
When it's done, how do I contact you?
When you have what I require,
call this number.
Let it ring.
You'll receive a text with instructions.
Good luck.
Watch him.
Make sure he doesn't deviate
from his path.
[Peter exhaling]
[phone line ringing]
[Noor] Peter?
Hey. I'm sorry to bother you.
Look, I know I'm the last person
that you wanna hear from right now,
the absolute last person
you'd ever do a favor for, but--
What do you want?
I need to get into the UN building.
- There anything you can tell me about it?
- The UN?
Yeah, I need to get in
without setting off any, uh...
You know what? I--
I'm sorry. I... I shouldn't have called you.
This is impossible.
Wait.
I can get you inside,
but we need to meet in person. Now.
I thought you were out of town with Sami.
What happened to the pickup?
I didn't go.
How could I
after all the lies you told me?
Je--
I'm sorry, Noor.
[Noor] I can help you.
But the only reason why I'm talking to you
is because I need something from you now.
[Peter] Yeah.
And I can only ask you in person.
Fine. Um...
Meet me at the same basement as before.
Okay? I'm on my way now.
[suspenseful music playing]
- [cell phone clattering]
- [engine starting]
Okay. Uh, would you open the valve
on the nitrogen tank?
[music fades]
[air hissing]
Okay. Now what?
We wait a few moments.
That should pressurize the pumps
and purge any remaining oxygen
from the transport lines.
In the meantime,
we need to start working on a stabilizer
to inhibit oxidation.
I'm thinking a phosphate ester
from phosphorus trichloride.
I'm sorry, high school chemistry
didn't cover this.
It's okay. This compound, K.X.,
when exposed to air will rapidly oxidize
and expand as it vaporizes.
It's what makes exposure
to even a few milliliters so lethal.
So the stabilizer
prevents that from happening.
Prevent? No. But it will slow oxidation
as we work with it in the lab.
K.X. is just too unstable without it.
Uh, this mitigates the reaction
like a fail-safe.
At least, I hope. Understand?
Yeah.
No.
It's the best chance we have of scaling
this up without killing ourselves.
[inaudible]
[Tomás] If he says he needs more help,
we ought to give it to him.
He's got his assistant. He's fine.
The woman you almost killed?
Your recklessness is gonna cost us dearly.
If the chemist isn't able to do his work--
I will bring his wife and daughter to him
one body part at a time until he does.
Everyone appreciates a deadline.
That's always been your problem.
No balls to do the dirty work.
Happy to let me get my fingernails dirty.
And you can't see the forest
for the trees.
We have one shot at getting this right.
That family is the only leverage we have
at getting the chemist to comply.
- Get your head out of your ass.
- Or what?
[suspenseful music playing]
[Markus laughing]
I'm glad to see
you finally found your spine,
but don't forget
who made all of this possible.
[Markus exhaling]
You want to help?
Find some leverage on the girl
that you're so desperate to keep alive.
We have a leash around the doctor's neck.
Now we need to get one around hers.
[door opening]
[door closing]
[music fades]
[footsteps approaching]
- Are you alone?
- Yeah. It's just me.
There's nothing I can say to make up
for what happened to your brother.
And you did not deserve
to be lied to like that,
and I'm sorry about all of it.
I have no right to ask you for anything.
I'm not even gonna ask you
for your forgiveness.
But please,
I need your help to save Rose.
This has all been about trying to stop
a chemical-weapons attack.
And whoever's trying to do it
just took Rose.
And if I can't stop this,
they're gonna kill her,
along with thousands of other people.
But if I can stop it, and I have to try,
this'll all have been worth something.
I need to get into the UN.
And if you help me,
I can take you to your mother tonight.
I swear.
I can't believe after all of this
you would lie to me again.
- I'm not lying.
- I know that you left my mother in Iran.
I know they have her in custody
doing who knows what to her.
I know our lives mean nothing to you!
- Noor, she's here.
- Liar!
[cell phone vibrating]
Yeah?
- It's Peter.
- [Sami] Surprised to hear from you.
Listen, I'm here with Noor.
She didn't make the pickup because of me.
The Iranians told her
her mother never made it out.
I need you to put Azita on the phone.
And then we'll talk.
Here.
[in Farsi] Mom?
[in Farsi] Keep them talking.
[dramatic music playing]
- [Noor] Mom?
- Noor?
[Noor gasping]
[Azita in Farsi] Noor? Is that you?
[Noor sobbing]
[Noor] Yes... Yes, it's me.
Are you okay? Where are you?
New York.
[Noor's breath shuddering]
[Azita] I made it out.
But...
Farhad...
[Noor] I know.
They gave me the news.
I'm so sorry.
It's my fault.
It's my fault this all happened.
[Azita] No, don't say that.
Where are you?
- When can I see you?
- [Noor] Soon.
I'll see you very soon.
[Noor sniffling]
I love you, Mom.
[sniffling] Me too, azizam.
I love you very much.
[Azita sniffling]
[in English] Peter?
[Sami sighing]
Keep it. When we're clear,
just hit redial. Okay?
Sami will come pick you up.
If he doesn't find you first.
He's probably already tracking it.
[Noor exhaling]
Noor, can you help me?
Please?
With your picture, I could make you
a guest badge back at the mission.
That will probably get you
into the building, but--
That's all I need.
But it doesn't matter.
Javad is here.
He's waiting outside to capture you.
They found out what I was doing
at the mission,
and they detained me
to send me back to Iran.
I'm sorry. I had no choice.
The moment we leave here,
Javad and the other guards
will take you back to the mission.
- How many of 'em are there?
- Four.
- Are they armed?
- Probably.
They're expecting you
to put up a fight like last time.
- What'll happen to you?
- They'll escort me back to the mission.
What are you thinking?
You know how to use one of these?
[suspenseful music playing]
[air hissing]
[music fades]
If the stabilizer works
with the ratio I've calculated,
the fully mixed K.X.
should take on a purple hue.
How do you know?
Red phosphorus in the stabilizer
and the hydrogen cyanide remnants
left over in the cyanogen,
once condensed into a liquid form,
should turn purple.
That is if the bonding was successful.
[banging on glass]
- What does he want?
- I don't know.
[tense music playing]
In here.
Who are you?
Tell me the truth.
I'm Dr. Cole's research assistant.
- You're no chemist.
- I'm just nervous.
I've never had a gun to my head
doing this kind of thing before.
You're lying.
This was in your bag.
Classified CIA files on Foxglove.
I... I must have picked it up
at Dr. Cole's house or something.
We were going through all of his files.
You're not as good at deception
as you fancy yourself.
So, one last time. Who are you?
Who do you work for?
Who else knows you're here?
Everybody.
Within the hour,
this place will be swarming with cops.
Wait, wait, wait! Please!
My family spent years
trying to get your government
to admit this even existed.
And now you show up carrying this file
in a bag like it's nothing.
Start talking now.
Okay, okay. You're right.
How do you think I got it?
I'm part of the team
that's been tracking you.
And the rest of them
are on their way here.
If you kill me, you'll just be adding
murder of an FBI agent to your rap sheet.
I don't believe you.
If anyone knew where you were,
they'd be here.
How did you get this file?
What aren't you telling me?
You're looking
for a way out of all of this.
I saw you at Dr. Cole's house.
You don't wanna hurt anybody.
The others,
they're forcing you to do this?
They work for me.
They do what I tell them.
[Rose] Are you sure about that?
I saw you arguing with that other guy.
Didn't look like he was taking orders.
Yeah, well, I saw you
bumbling around in that lab
like you'd never set foot in one.
How long do you think
you can keep up that charade?
Then help me stop it.
It can't be stopped. The West is gonna pay
for what they did to my family.
So this is part
of some stupid revenge plot?
You're really planning
on using this thing on people?
Listen, I know about Foxglove.
I know how dangerous it is,
and I know you didn't
wanna kill me back there.
So I'm willing to bet
you don't wanna kill thousands
because that's what will happen.
- You don't have to do this.
- Shut up.
- You could be the hero here.
- I said that's enough!
[Tomás's breath shuddering]
It's... it's too late to stop what's coming.
Not if you let me go.
You wanna know how I got that file?
I am working with the FBI.
And those chemicals you stole today,
we were right behind you
every step of the way.
You're right, no one's coming.
But you can help us.
Let me go,
and I'll bring the FBI, CIA, everybody.
We can shut it down here and now.
If Markus catches us--
We have to take that risk.
I can tell you're not a monster.
There are people out there
who care about you, who... who love you,
who want a future with you, right?
What would they think about all of this?
Sloane.
S-- Sloane always says
I'm better than my family.
Talk to Dr. Cole,
ask him what this chemical is capable of.
And then ask yourself,
can you really live
with all that blood on your hands?
Can Sloane?
What kind of person
do you wanna be for her?
Wait here.
[door closing]
- [Rose's breath shuddering]
- [lock clicking]
[police siren wailing in distance]
[indistinct chatter]
Hold on.
Stop right there.
Noor, what's going on?
[in Farsi] He's all yours.
I want to go home now.
[in Farsi] Take her to the mission.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Peter] Noor.
Noor!
[in English] I'm taking you into custody
for the crime of espionage
against the Islamic Republic.
Just gonna arrest me in New York?
It's a very dangerous city.
People disappear all the time.
What if I don't comply?
This could go another way.
[baton clicking]
[men grunting]
[Javad grunting]
[intense music playing]
[engine starting]
[tires screeching]
[tire hissing]
[Peter grunting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[door handle clicking]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Javad grunting]
[both grunting, straining]
[Peter grunting]
[Javad grunting, groaning]
[Javad breathing heavily]
[music fades]
[in Farsi] There's no one coming
to save you.
[in Farsi] Good.
- [electricity crackling]
- [man grunting]
[Noor exclaiming]
[Noor's breath shuddering]
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music playing]
[Peter breathing heavily]
[Peter wincing]
[Peter grunting]
[both grunting, straining]
You will pay for your crimes.
[train squealing in distance]
[Javad grunting]
[baton clicking]
[both grunting, straining]
[Peter panting]
[Javad groaning]
[train door chiming]
[exhaling sharply]
[tense music playing]
- [panel chiming]
- [lock clicking]
[mouse clicking]
[Wilfred sighing]
The moment of truth.
[chuckling softly]
[sinister music playing]
- [door opening]
- [air hissing]
[Tomás] You and I need to talk.
- Is that it?
- It's our control sample.
[music fades]
A stable K.X. chemical agent.
I want your honest opinion.
If this weapon were to be used,
could it be contained?
- Contained?
- [Tomás] That's what I said.
You-- You don't understand.
You don't create something like this
if you're concerned about containment.
This compound you asked me to build,
do you even know how it works?
[Wilfred exhaling]
In application, it's like any other
binary chemical munition.
But in the case of K.X.,
the secondary element is oxygen.
When exposed to air,
we're talking about
an exponential increase in molarity.
Drop that in a room full of people,
it'll expand so rapidly,
they'll be breathing it in
before they knew it hit the floor.
- You're saying they'll suffocate.
- The lucky ones.
[sinister music playing]
What's more likely to happen
is they'll feel the blistering effects
as the air inside them reacts to exposure
and it expands in their lungs.
It burns you from the inside
as you breathe it in,
and from the outside as the vapor
comes in contact with your skin.
The more you inhale,
the more oxygen you suck in
as you struggle to breathe from the pain,
the more it burns, the faster it expands.
You'd pray to suffocate.
No...
it cannot be contained.
That vial in your hand, that's murder.
This?
This is massacre.
I want you to listen very carefully.
Under no circumstances
can you complete your work here, doctor.
Then you shouldn't
have threatened my family
and put me in a transparent cage.
They're watching.
Then stall
for as long as humanly possible.
Stall long enough,
and I'll get you and the girl out of here.
I'm not leaving without my family.
I understand.
[button clicking]
[air hissing]
[printer whirring]
[music fades]
[mouse clicking]
[light switch clicking]
[Noor gasping]
[suspenseful music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[panel chiming]
[Noor's breath shuddering]
- [panel chiming]
- [door opening]
- [door closing]
- [light switch clicking]
[papers rustling]
[footsteps approaching]
[keypad beeping]
- [keypad chiming]
- [lock clicking]
Noor?
[in Farsi] What are you doing here?
[Noor shuddering]
[in Farsi] Please, I--
[Abbas] I asked you,
what are you doing here?
Explain yourself.
It's true...
You're spying for the Americans.
What have you told them?
No, nothing, I...
[tense music playing]
The French report...
- That's none of your business.
- Your daughter's on that list.
If you say one word about this,
I'll only make things worse for you.
You're trying to protect her.
Traitors like you deserve
every punishment they will receive.
They deserve to be round up
and brought home to face their crimes.
But your daughter committed no crime.
Did she?
I heard what happened.
Running away to Paris with a boyfriend.
Is this her address?
So they know where she is...
and you have to turn this over
to your superiors.
[dramatic music playing]
What if I can help you?
The only thing you're going to do for me
is turn yourself in.
Let me leave.
I'll go straight to the UN,
straight to the French delegation,
and hand it right to them.
We can warn these people.
Warn your daughter.
Give her a chance to live her life.
How could I trust a traitor
to do anything noble?
You can still blame the whole thing on me.
You already have
all the evidence you need.
You know I was trying to defect...
and get my family out.
And you know my brother
was killed because of it.
There is nothing you and your jails
can do to me that will ever
make me feel worse than I already do.
Now when my mother looks at me,
all she will ever see
is how I lost her only son.
You can't do worse to me than that.
All you have to do
is let me keep being the traitor.
Tell Javad everything.
I broke in here, I took the papers,
and I ran off before you could stop me.
That's all anyone has to know.
Give your daughter that chance.
I'll give you a ten-minute head start.
Then I'm alerting the guards.
[suspenseful music playing]
[in English] I've got Noor
outside of the Iranian mission.
It's where the cell signal took me.
There's no sign of Peter.
You want me to take her to her mother?
Not yet, but stay on her.
We have to see if she leads us
to Peter before we pull her out.
- I'll see what else I can think of.
- Got it.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[music fades]
[Peter panting]
[light switch clicking]
[Peter wincing]
[glass clattering]
[Peter breathing deeply, exhaling]
[Catherine] Where is he?
Slowly.
[tense music playing]
I shouldn't have told you
where this place was.
Where's Solomon?
What happened at the safe house?
I need you to trust me.
Trust? You--
Did you just let him go?
Solomon led me to his boss, the buyer.
He said he's gonna tell me
who he sold Foxglove to,
and when he does, you'll be my first call.
But you have to let me
out of that door now.
- Peter...
- Whoever has Foxglove has Rose.
I know. We're doing
everything we can to find her.
You're nowhere, right?
You have no leads, you have no evidence,
you have no chance, you have nothing.
Then help us the right way.
There is no right way, Catherine.
There's this way.
You stay on this path, and you are done.
There is no ends
justifying the means this time.
Catherine, you have to--
- I'm not gonna do nothing.
- Neither am I.
But because of your actions,
I have to take you in now,
and I do not wanna use force.
I do not.
If I have to spend
the rest of my life in a cell
'cause I chose to save thousands of lives,
so be it.
Is this about thousands of lives,
or is this about Rose?
Shoot me, or get out of my way.
[suspenseful music swelling]
No! Peter!
[banging on door]
[Catherine] Peter!
Peter!
[door opening, closing]
[train rattling]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[tense music playing]
What's going on?
He's been at work for hours,
and has nothing to show for it but this.
It's unacceptable.
Please be careful.
That could kill all of us.
- What are you doing with that?
- What's taking you so long?
I had to test it at bench scale first.
That takes time.
- Time we do not have.
- Listen to him.
- That's why we brought him here.
- Maybe you don't understand the situation.
Maybe you need a reminder.
- Bring the family!
- No! No, wait!
- No!
- Markus!
We are done doing it your way.
[Gloria shuddering]
I got you.
[Gloria and Jesse grunting]
[Gloria] No! No!
Please, please.
I've done everything you asked.
No! No, please don't do this.
- Don't.
- [Wilfred] Wait.
- [Jesse] Mom.
- You're going to tell me the truth?
I am telling you the truth.
We can make the larger batch now.
The test proves the theory.
- Why are you taking so long?
- I am not!
I'm not! I-- I'm not!
I'm not taking long!
Why do you keep looking at him?
- What did you tell him?
- Go.
- Markus, you're--
- Why did you take her out of the lab?
You're taking this too far.
I say what this family does
or doesn't do, not you.
I'm putting an end to this.
Lock him in the fridge.
What? Are you crazy? You work for me!
- Lock them in the office.
- Markus, stop this!
- It'll be fine.
- No!
I am Tomás Bala!
- It'll be okay. Just do what they say.
- No!
[Markus] You and you, get back in that lab
and don't come out until the work is done.
This is the last time I ask nicely.
[sinister music playing]
[music fades]
[Noor exhaling]
What took so long?
- Did you get the badge?
- Yes.
But change of plans.
- What?
- I'm coming with you.
[suspenseful music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[music fades]
Leave us.
Our cause has no room for non-believers.
When did you lose your faith, Tomás?
Markus, cousin---
No. You don't get to call us
family anymore. That time is over.
You and I set out to expose
the lies of the West.
Of America.
Not to make the same
stupid mistakes my father did.
He did terrible, monstrous things.
And now he is paying the price for it.
Markus, there is no saving him
from justice.
That is the real truth.
And it's foolish to become
monsters ourselves trying to.
I will lead the Balas
back to respectability.
To power.
I am the head of this family now,
and you will respect that.
You will follow me.
Together, you and I
will bring peace and prosperity
to our people.
- Our people?
- Yes.
When was the last time
you considered us your people?
Uncle Viktor was hurt at first
when you stopped coming back home
from boarding school.
He put on a show for the rest of them.
"My boy Tomás,
out to conquer the Western world."
"Beat them at their own game."
But I knew the truth.
You abandoned him.
You abandoned us,
your people.
I knew that before your father did,
but he came to accept it.
Markus, that is bloody enough.
Let me out of here right now.
You were never worthy of the Bala name.
I knew that,
and eventually, he came to know it too.
You fucking animal.
You won't be forgiven!
"In my distress, I cried unto the Lord
and he heard me."
[Tomás] What?
"Deliver my soul from lying lips,
from a deceitful tongue."
What are you muttering about?
[suspenseful music playing]
"What shall be given unto thee?"
"Or what shall be done unto thee,
thou false tongue?"
[Markus exhaling]
"Sharp arrows of the mighty."
[Tomás] No! No! No!
No! No, please! Please!
Please!
[breath shuddering]
- [sizzling]
- [Tomás gasping, coughing]
[Tomás groaning]
[screaming]
[Tomás screaming]
[screaming continues]
[sinister music playing, swelling]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]
[ending theme music fades]